# Weekly Updates for April 14, 2022
Meeting topics: Review Draft

Notes taken in [#31](https://github.com/isabela-pf/internship/issues/31).

## Updates from this week

- The [draft](https://www.notion.so/Best-Practices-for-Accessible-Real-Time-Collaboration-Draft-ee043e54be364707a763e8c8cd2303e9) has arrived! Hooray!
     - There are a few more sections to add, will update on slack as added
     -  Can review what's there now if wanted (Isabela will)
- Swast shares the WIP user journey and asks if there's anything to add.
     - Possibly links and/or further accessibility notes, but overall looks good
     - It will need an image descriptions
     - Should this stay as a link or be embedded through notion somehow? We do know how to make the image more accessible, so that will probably be what we do.
     - Should we do journeys for each user we did this with? Short answer, yes if it is not too time consuming. This could be a great way to give a concrete and easy to summarize the collaborative research.
          - Duplicate existing one, and do versions for collaborative tests as a concrete takeaway for the tests
          - Is there something we can do for the non-collaborative test volunteers to get a concrete takeaway?
- Question: do we keep the audit report in the whole draft, or link out?
     - Isabela thinks it doesn't feel overwhelming in the document, so she'd keep it there until it seems like the rest of the document is too long. 
 - How to manage time with overlapping tasks?
      - Mars might have advice here! Let's follow up with her.

### Scheduling or out of office
 
 - Mars out April 14 (for this meeting)
 - Isabela will be out April 15

## Discussion topics and Resources

 - [Inclusive style guide resources are up!](https://github.com/isabela-pf/internship/pull/30)

### Blog post
 - No response yet, but we have backup plans if we need to have one last-minute

## What are you planning on working on next?

- [ ] Swast to add further sections to the doc based on the [mega outline](https://github.com/isabela-pf/internship/blob/main/weekly-updates/report-outline-collaboration.md#mega-outline)
- [ ] Swast to finalize and add general user journey for keyboard and screen reader to document
- [ ] Swast to 
- [ ] Isabela to schedule an additional meeting earlier in the week for questions. Best case, we don't need it and cancel.
- [ ] Isabela (and Mars, if/when she gets a chance) will review the draft and leave comments
- [ ] Isabela to think about ideas for representing/summarizing the non-collaborative testing volunteers.

### Timeline

April 14: Meeting. Discuss changes to make
April 14: Isabela and Mars to [review draft](https://www.notion.so/Best-Practices-for-Accessible-Real-Time-Collaboration-Draft-ee043e54be364707a763e8c8cd2303e9)
April 15-21: Swast to add sections first, then re-write based on our review.
April 18: Tenative meeting for any questions or feedback. Can be cancelled if not needed.
April 21: Meeting. Internship closing, any last-minute changes 
April 22: Submit report! 🎉