# Weekly Updates for February 10 2022
Meeting topics: Narrowing scope and talking about best practices documents

Notes taken in [#4 on the internship repo](https://github.com/isabela-pf/internship/issues/4).

## Updates from last week:
- Audit Google Docs using the 10 tests from this article, '[Quick accessibility tests anyone can do](https://tetralogical.com/blog/2022/01/18/quick-accessibility-tests-anyone-can-do/)'
  - Not only tested yes/no if test passes, but what other ways a user can try to access the Google Docs. Such as switching between mobile and web version to find dark mode, or using the browser settings to change zoom in. Thus, also looking at quality of current user experience.
  - Recording notes in Notion helped Swast learn more than just reading
- Celebrate the what went well! 
  - More learning!

## Discussion/resource topics:
- What do different best practices documents look like/how are the organized/what do they include? We can refer to '[How to write a Best Practices Document](https://github.com/isabela-pf/internship/blob/main/discussion-resources/best-practices-documents.md)', which is in this repository.
- [We defined tasks for next week together in a collaborative hack.md document](https://hackmd.io/j2EGBWoHSbqJd5gzETnhug), based on a previously proposed to-do: 'Make a list of very specific tasks people could want to do in an RTC document. This could be anything simple (like opening a document from a file browser) to something more complex (like finding which user made an edit to a document in the past).'
- Some factors to consider when deciding on scope
  - What we can test as a non-disabled user
  - What already has a big body of work we can refer (easier) to vs small body of work (harder)
    - Lots of research and advice on screen-reader useage. Much less advice on joystick or sip-and-puff device
  - Wanting to focus on disabilities or assistive technologies that are less covered, to increase the small body of work
- The wide scope of disabilties, assistive technologies and how each have a different user journey in an RTC tool
- Continuing the discussions from Slack:

Swast:
> As I understand from the two potential to-do items,
> - Understanding the user journey of working on a collaborative document - Kind of including all possible journey ways
> - Only focusing on one solution of accessibility and understanding how effective it is to not let people miss information at the same time get bombarded by notifications/audios.
>  
> Am I getting these right or I am missing anything? 


Mars:
> 1. Yup! However, even within the same user journey, two users can have different experiences. The same journey of opening a file is a different experience for sighted user and a blind user. Or the same journey of replying to a comment is a different experience for keyboard user and a mouse user.
> 
> 2. Yup! As you can see from the above point, there's a lot of user journeys and for each journey, there's a lot of different experiences. To narrow down the scope for the final report, we can choose one 'solution' or 'assistive technology' a disabled person may use.
> - Disability: Blind. Assistive technology: Screen Reader
>   - How does a blind user with a screen-reader open a file in Google Docs?
>   - How does a blind user with a screen-reader reply to a comment?
>   - Can this user complete these actions? Are there barriers in completing these actions, such as color cues that only sighted people can see?
>   
> - Disability: Cannot grip mouse due motor disability. Assistive technology: Only using keyboard commands
>   - How does a user with limited mobility that uses keyboard commands open a file in Google Docs?
>   - How does a user with limited mobility that uses keyboard commands reply to a comment?
>   - Can this user complete these actions? Are there barriers in completing these actions, such as button that only a mouse can access?
>   Within visual disability, there's a different disabilities and range. A user may not be completely blind, but have partial vision loss. For example, cataracts causes low vision but can still see. This user does not use a screen-reader, but has difficulty reading text in their morning newspaper.
> - Disability: Cataracts causing low contrast vision. Assistive technology: None used, using the options provided by program.
>   - How does a user with low contrast vision open a file in Google Docs?
>   - How does a user with low contrast vision reply to a comment?
>   - Can this user complete these actions? Are there barriers in completing these actions such as low contrast text? If a program has light grey text on a white background, this user may not be able to find where the 'Open File' section is.
>   - However, the program can be more accessible if the option for 'Colour customisation' is available. Now the user can have black text on a white background and find the 'Open File' section.
>   
> This is why we're working on narrowing our scope. Lot of possibilities!

## What are you planning to work on next?
- Audit Google Docs 8 user journeys for people using screen-readers
- Audit Google Docs 8 user journeys for people using keyboard commands
  - 8 User Journey to audit
    - Opening a document from a file browser
    - Saving a document
    - Finding which user made an edit to a document in the past in the document history
    - Seeing comments
    - Responding to a comment
    - Editing a comment
    - Receving notification of a user joining a document
    - Receving notification of a user commenting
   
## Proposed topics/to-dos we did not cover this week:
- Explore/catalog all visual (and/or audio if relevant)-only information in the last RTC interface you audited. For example, in google docs the users currently in a document are listed in the upper right via profile picture and no other way. A lot of accessibility is making sure info isn't lost, so it'll be good to know what we're accounting for.
   -  We may talk about this next week: Structural problems with an RTC tools that keep re-appearing in a user journey.
 - Sort through [WCAG](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) standards and label them as RTC problems and Independent of RTC so we can scope some accessibility areas we are not worried about
