# Meeting topics: 

## Follow-up on last week's to-dos
- [Swast's notes on the audits](https://five-space-ce8.notion.site/Assistive-tech-audit-Google-docs-66128064b2f641219730fce19115fcf6)
- Audit Google Docs 8 user journeys for people using screen-readers
- Audit Google Docs 8 user journeys for people using keyboard commands
  - 8 User Journeys to audit
    - Opening a document from a file browser
    - Saving a document
    - Finding which user made an edit to a document in the past in the document history
    - Seeing comments
    - Responding to a comment
    - Editing a comment
    - Receiving notification of a user joining a document
    - Receiving notification of a user commenting

## Updates from last week:
- Swast was able to do the keyboard audit but had some difficulty setting up a screen-reader
    - Leads to discussion point 'Accessing accessibility'
    - Swast: Also, isn't it another part of accessibility that installation of screen readers is also a tough process to go through? like shouldn't it be easier?
    - Isabela: Lots of assistive tech is not necessarily easy for people to access, ironically
    - Received help setting up VoiceOver, a built-in screen-reader for Mac
    -  [Apple VoiceOver help](https://www.apple.com/voiceover/info/guide/_1121.html)
    - Noting that we are using VoiceOver because it's what we have access to. we know it's not the most popular. we need to note that in the document.
- Celebrate the what went well!
    - Good structure of Swast's notes: table makes information easy to read
    - Not just yes/no, but also noting how comfortable the experience was. Noticing problems that appear with larger scale, such as 'Can get clumsy for more than 10 people, getting to know where they are on the doc is important'

## Discussion topics and Resources:
- 'Accessing accessibility'
    - Because there's a variety of screen-readers, personal preference and programs compatible with screen-readers, there's a lot of different ways to access accessibility. Sometimes these conflict or don't work with each other.
        - For example, Zoom's keyboard shortcut for creating a chat message may be different from Google Meet's keyboard shortcut for creating a chat message
        - This can be confusing or hard to adjust to
        - That's why standards develop: so there's commonality
    - Finances of accessibility: [Broke with Accessible Taste talk](https://equalentry.com/digital-access-economics-accessibility-nyc-recap/)
        - There is a common assumption that everyone can easily access assistive technology. In reality, assistive technolgy can be expensive and people may not be able to afford it.
    - 'Accessing accessibility' is important as well. It is higher up in the structural ladder of accessibility.
    - Accessing accessibility tools (installation, finances) -> Using compatible programs and websites -> RTC accessibility
    - However, we may not have sufficient time to explore or suggest solutions in this internship. We can acknowledge it, but focus on RTC accessibility specifically
-  What are the re-occuring problems that kept re-appearing in a user journey? Does it make the user experience frustrating?
- What information cannot be accessed while using a screen-reader? 
- What information cannot be accessed using keyboard commands? 
-  What assumptions do we have to make for these recommendations in our final write-up?
    - Keyboard setup: US keyboard, Apple keyboard
    - Operating system: mac, Windows
    - Screen-reader: VoiceOver
    - Noting that we are using VoiceOver because it's what we have access to. we know it's not the most popular. we need to note that in the document.
    - Reproducibility: results may be different for different screen-reader setups
- Google Docs has keyboard shortcuts, some which uses multiple keys
    - Is multiple keys be too much for intended audience: people with motor disabilities?
    - Some resource suggest not more than 3 keys for a keyboard shortcut
    - [Editing Blind event](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/editing-blind-recording-tickets-268361595757) 
            Isabela: I'm not sure if the recording is available or not, but there was discussion about Just Knowing™ shortcuts for tools you use and/or setting your own as critical for a efficient workflow. I don't know if this is a common opinion or not.
    - The art of keyboard shortcut design?
- Is it more helpful when all accessibility additions in one menu (with several sub-menus) or is that difficult/time-consuming to go through?
- Would surfacing the command used as top menu items, buttons, or otherwise reorganize everything be better?
    - Is reorganizing jarring?
    - How does customization fit?
    - This needs to be explored more, and probably with the feedback of disabled people instead of us here guessing.
- Who decides what information can be accessed? The RTC designer or the user?
    - e.g. 'Can see who is on the doc (tool bar), but cannot see where they are on the doc'. 
    - Seeing where users are is valuable information. For users with a mouse, they can easily access this by clicking on the user profile. However, this is not an option for keyboard users. 
    - Perhaps the RTC designer did not want to overwhelm the user with a constantly updating 'live area'. However, it's good to provide the user with the option.
    - UX/UI designer assumes what the user wants -> shows need for user testing with disabled people sometime in future
- Getting funds for user testing with disabled people
    - Isabela will look into it
    - In the meantime, can also look into existing resources, opinions from disabled people (primary vs secondary research)
- How disabled people use tools
    - [How A Blind Developer Uses Visual Studio](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94swlF55tVc)
    - Since we cannot do user testing yet, we can learn from existing resources such as these


## What are you planning to work on next?
- Audit Google Docs 8 user journeys for people using screen-readers
    - 8 User Journeys to audit
        - Opening a document from a file browser
        - Saving a document
        - Finding which user made an edit to a document in the past in the document history
        - Seeing comments
        - Responding to a comment
        - Editing a comment
        - Receiving notification of a user joining a document
        - Receiving notification of a user commenting

- Catalog what information cannot be accessed in each user journey
    - After completing the screen-reader audit: catalog all visual-only information in Google Docs
        - For example, in Google Docs the users currently in a document are listed in the upper right via profile picture and no other way. A lot of accessibility is making sure info isn't lost, so it'll be good to know what we're accounting for.
    - After completing the keyboard audit: catalog all mouse-only information in Google Docs.
        - For example, for the Keyboard Audit, in the 'Notes' column, there is 'Can see who is on the doc (tool bar), but cannot see where they are on the doc'. Is seeing other users a re-occuring problem for keyboard accessibility?
    - We can read the 'Notes' column in the Notion table and see what problems re-occur
   
- Start making a User Journey diagram, similar to the one Swast made with her Goodreads redesign project
    - Does not need to be complete by next week.
    - Will be a useful document in the final write-up

## Proposed topics/to-dos we did not cover this week:
- Maybe discuss more on other assistive tech than screen readers
- Sort through [WCAG](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) standards and label them as RTC problems and Independent of RTC so we can scope some accessibility areas we are not worried about
