# Weekly Updates for March 31, 2022
Meeting topics: Preparing for Volunteer Meetings, Post-Volunteer Meeting Dicussion, How to Anonymize Collected User Data

Notes taken in [#]().

## Updates from this week:
### How the meeting with G went
- Successfully completed all tasks
- Find out what G or developers would like from the best practices section of the report
- Interesting to hear NVDA. Both VoiceOver and NVDA access same information, but announce, priortize and work differently
- eg NVDA action state first. VoiceOver action state at end
- Is action more important? Was it because NVDA was developed by blind developers? We don't know who the VoiceOver developers are and their POV
- Was not recorded. 
- Upload the notes from meeting with G this week to the internship repo?
- Any changes to make before it becomes public?
- No, can make public now.
### Mars to access Swast's Meeting Agenda for interview with N
  - Link to private note in Slack 

## Discussion/resource topics:
### [How to anonymize data collected from this user research](https://github.com/isabela-pf/internship/pull/19#issuecomment-1076985619)
- We are 'working in the open' with our internship repository, so the meeting notes are public.
- We should have a process where
  - Have explicit consent from the volunteer that they are okay having their name (or any other potential identifying factors) in these public notes and/or
  - have a process where we remove names prior to having them on github
- specific questions to ask in beginning
  - Steve Krug's [user testing script](https://sensible.com/downloads/test-script-web.pdf). The intro has many questions that are useful to ask even if we don't want all of it.
  - Don't need to follow all proceedures- more formal than our case.
- It's also important to tell people how the information will be used before they agree to it. So it's usually
  - All information is totally public
  - All information is public but anonymous
  - All information is only shared with the team working on this
  - All information is shared only with the team working on this and is anonymous
  - We are doing public but anonymous.
- Other factors to consider for future best practice: interviewing people in Europe so there is EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Full control of personal information but can at odds with Github's version control (cannot change past)
- In report, can say 'a developer who has worked on open-source projects'. But not specify too much that would give away identity
  
### Preparing for meeting with T later today
- Can ask about recording
- JupyterLab environment with RTC, extensions such as video chat
- Are there any actions we could compare?
- What kind of information do you think will help you build more accessible RTC tools?
- What tasks do you commonly do in a notebook? Which of these tasks do you want to collaborate on or how?
- Skip auditing!
- Add some more general collaboration questions

### Preparing for meeting with N tomorrow
- Swast and Mars set the agenda ahead of time in the shared Notion document
  
## What are you planning on working on next?
- Swast to continue writing Audit Report
- Swast to see how she wants to write, add or remove the 'mega-outline'
- Swast, Isabela and T upcoming meeting
- Swast, Mars and N upcoming meeting
- Isabela to convert and anonymize meeting notes with G
- Mars to anonymize meeting notes with E

## Proposed topics/to-dos we did not cover this week:
