# Weekly Updates for April 7, 2022
Meeting topics: Shortening the Outline, Post-Volunteer Meeting Dicussion, Review Draft

Notes taken in [#25](https://github.com/isabela-pf/internship/issues/25).

## Updates from this week:
- Swast, Isabela and T meeting
  - Complete! Discussion follow-up below.
- Mars, Isabela commented and reviewed [comment Swast's report](https://five-space-ce8.notion.site/Audit-Report-Draft-5a473dd44480453eaa63e8a2fd2b092c)
- Swast continued writing rest of report with [Best Practices for Accessible Real-Time Collaboration - Draft](https://five-space-ce8.notion.site/Best-Practices-for-Accessible-Real-Time-Collaboration-Draft-ee043e54be364707a763e8c8cd2303e9)
- Mentors suggested a smaller, more feasible scope
- Mars to clean up notes with N, message N about anonymize
  - Not complete  
- March 31 Meeting Notes [conflict error](https://github.com/isabela-pf/internship/pull/26)
  - Mars to resolve

## Discussion topics and Resources
### Follow-up from meeting with T
Feedback meeting thoughts
- Swast feels good about it, we made it through the agenda
- Key takeaway: this was a very different point of view!
- They would find something that reports on the questions left helpful. We don't have to have all the answers, and it's not something you want to pretend to have. 
- Maybe list the things we wish we could research or questions still left; that can guide future work or help people know when they are in a new area.
- In favor of emotions in the report
- Making sure to recognize and acknowledge in the report about how these tests were  not run with disabled people and/or daily assistive tech users. 
- Give the readers not just resources, but also empathy

## Discussion/resource topics:
### Outline- Can we still write a 'Best Practices' section?
- [New document by Swast. Best Practices for Accessible Real-Time Collaboration - Draft](https://five-space-ce8.notion.site/Best-Practices-for-Accessible-Real-Time-Collaboration-Draft-ee043e54be364707a763e8c8cd2303e9)
  - Swast will contrinute to write
  - Isabela and Mars to review and comment next week
- The [Audit Report Draft](https://www.notion.so/Audit-Report-Draft-5a473dd44480453eaa63e8a2fd2b092c) will fit the mdidle of the new document
- Started internship brief, we aimed for 'Best Practices' but over course of internship, we realize maybe we don't have enough to write a Best Practices section
- Maybe the document can also be more exploratory. Leaving door open for future people to explore

### Shortening the Mega Outline and Saving Time
- [Mega Outline](https://github.com/isabela-pf/internship/blob/main/weekly-updates/report-outline-collaboration.md)
- Can link out to what's already written, saving time
- Can remove sections
  - Remove Recommendations
  - Remove 'Summary of Audit' section, since already discussed elsewhere
- Can shorten to bullet point list if not enough time
  - Shorten Next Steps
  - If not have time for User Stories Diagrams, can turn to bullet point list

### Blog post
- May not have time
- Isabela will check with Tania if blog post still needed.

### Nearing the end of the internship
- Finished the exploratory and data gathering stage
- We will need to speed up work and remove some parts (such as section of the Mega Outline or the blog post)
- Still optimistic we can finish on time
- Will communicate back and forth more often for next 3 weeks

## What are you planning on working on next?
### Timeline
April 11-12: Swast finish writing, submit
April 13: Isabela and Mars to review
April 14 meeting: Discuss changes to make
April 15-21: Swast to re-write, based on our review
April 21 meeting: Internship closing, any last-minute changes 
April 22: Submission