# Weekly Updates for April 18, 2022
Meeting topics: Review draft document with questions about feedback

Notes taken in [#33](https://github.com/isabela-pf/internship/issues/33).

## Draft with Isabela's and Mars' comments
- [Link to draft, a Notion document](https://www.notion.so/Best-Practices-for-Accessible-Real-Time-Collaboration-Draft-ee043e54be364707a763e8c8cd2303e9)

### Backing up claim of remote of work
- "work began remotely and hence there was an increase in demands of RTC. "
- Could add links as proof, if it takes too long to find things scrap that plan and rephrase so it's less declarative. Or emphasize personal experience.

### Rephrasing the heading 'Is everything really accessible out there?'
- Are you referring to RTC tools, everything on the internet, etc.? Making it clear is helpful.
- Following “who, what, where, when, why” format
- Mars: heading comment was about making it a little more specific and fitting with the theme elsewhere. Reflecting that things are a little more complicated.

### Internal vs External accessibility tools
- "Internal vs. external tools" term clarification
  - Internal tools meaning Google support for Google tools. Example: the Google-made screenreader can't be used on Google Docs (Isabela: I think they've changed support to be only on ChromeBooks?).
  - And Swast mentioned there weren't extensive resources beyond Google's documentation, either, so even if things are working it's not well documented or popular
- Mars: we probably need better language or to be more specific (and just use more words). That likely won't be clear to someone reading this document with no other background.
- There doesn't seem to be a standard term for this.

#### Due to insufficient RTC accessibility options, people are pushed to use external tools
- If nobody uses the internal RTC accessibility,  it defeats the purpose of it.

#### Need for better internal/built-in RTC accessibility options
- Need to be more customizable.

#### People often pushed to use their own tools and workflows (External accessibility tools)
- Sometimes people prefer own tools, but want to integrate into RTC for ease of use
- For example, with one interview, a user likes using Mac Gestures, but cannot use them in Google Docs = frustrating experierence
  - Ends up with an awkward in-between experience. Writes outside Google Docs with Mac Gestures, then copy-paste text into Google Docs
  - Does not write in Google Docs itself
- RTC tool need to be more customizable.
- This seems related to [WCAG 2.1's Robust section](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#robust)
  - "Content must be robust enough that it can be interpreted by by a wide variety of user agents, including assistive technologies."
- People should feel comfortable using internal accessibility tools, or can integrate external tools easily

### User Journey Diagrams
- Highlight what feels bad, the end-result =  the 👎  point
  - For example, the text on the diagram can be 'Screen-reader reads out too much minor details, feels overwhelming'
  - More details put elsewhere, such as text after the diagram

#### Question: User Stories don't have all the info we found. How should we integrate them?
- Where to write the full information? Recommendations? 
- Could be an annotation on the image
- Could be writing after the image with "Key takeaways" or "More details"
- Could show multiple user stories for different tests (VoiceOver vs. NVDA vs. on what document) and spread that info out (still might be useful to summarize it somewhere)
- Mars: some things may be more of Recommendations and belong in that section instead. Don't forget you can add things there!

#### Factor to Highlight in Report: Screen-readers reading out too many minor details instead of most important details
- When screen-readers read out too much, repeated information, poor user experience
  - eg Google Doc comments
- screen-reader reading all HTML elements. Recommendation Possibility- Developer to add ARIA label to identify the most important information that screen-reader reads

### How to represent useful information from our non-collaborative test volunteers?
- Can we turn on interviews into journey diagrams?  Or a different diagram?
  - User journey diagram are visual, very helpful and summarizes data we collected such as with NVDA and VoiceOver
  - However, can we make a diagram for an journey we did not experience ourselves? Or do not have the full journey of, because we only heard part of the journey in our interviews?
- How do label this section in the report?
    - 'Case study: using Google Docs with X disability?'
    - Anonymize user data concerns, don't want to put identifiable information
    - Maybe 'Key Takeaways for non-screen-reader accessibiltity'- talks about Mac Gestures and customization?
- Mars: You can just write text first, then see if you can visually present information, such as with tables

#### Representing data as tables
- If data cannot be used as User Journey diagram, there are plenty of other ways to make the report more visually interesting
- Isabela: I'm thinking something like this might be better suited for the research

| Disability (or category if that helps) | User feedback | Our recommendation  |
--- | --- | ---|
| Cognitive | "When I can't use gesture navigation, that makes my experience much worse." | Prioritize support for multiple info input types |



- Mars likes Isabela's table 'User Feedback' section
  - Does not need to fit into linear journey, beginning to end like a user journey diagram
  - Can be difficult to rate 👍 or 👎 if not our own experiences
  -  Isabela: Yeehaw! Not all feedback or experiences are linear! Love that good take, Mars

## What are you planning on working on next?
- [ ] Swast to add further sections to the doc based on our comments and the [mega outline](https://github.com/isabela-pf/internship/blob/main/weekly-updates/report-outline-collaboration.md#mega-outline)

### Timeline
April 14: Meeting. Discuss changes to make
April 14: Isabela and Mars to [review draft](https://www.notion.so/Best-Practices-for-Accessible-Real-Time-Collaboration-Draft-ee043e54be364707a763e8c8cd2303e9)
April 15-21: Swast to add sections first, then re-write based on our review.
April 18: Tenative meeting for any questions or feedback. Can be cancelled if not needed.
April 21: Meeting. Internship closing, any last-minute changes 
April 22: Submit report! 🎉