# Weekly Updates for March 3 2022
Meeting topics: Report Organization, Format, Asking for Feedback

Notes taken in [#11 on the internship repo](https://github.com/isabela-pf/internship/issues/11).

## Updates from this week:
- Start writing the outline or first draft of the report
- Swast shared the outline as [Figma diagrams](https://www.figma.com/file/FvWBXRoJzuBZmYfheD2cZS?embed_host=share&kind=&node-id=0%3A1&viewer=1)
- Celebrate the good!
    - Swast's parents more accepting!
    - The first outline!
    - Midterms over!  

## Discussion/resource topics:
### Why would people read our report? Who is the target audience? 
- Isabela speaking as one psosible target audience, interested in reading Swast's report:
    - UX/UI Designer for JupyterLab
    - Cares about accesibility. Often looking at the field for new things or gaps in skills. ('How do i make an accessible RTC?').
    - Look for resources, but resources (such as WCAG) may not cover this area or not understand why.
    - My application (JupyterLab) now has an RTC tool. But I can't find such accessibility guidelines for RTC. So I look around, trying to reverse-engingeer. If I do my own investigation, I may be re-inventing the wheel or wasting my time. Looking for a centralized resource. 
- Gabriel Fouasnon as one psosible target audience, interested in reading Swast's report:
    - Front-end developer familiar with JupyterLab's code. Has used JupyterLab's RTC tool.
    - Interested in accessibility. Currently on a grant to improve JupterLab's accessibility.
    - Can refer to Swast's report and see similarities to JuptyterLab's RTC. Can read report by RTC components, such as the comment section, and refer to JupyterLab's code to see how it can be improved. Due to experience with JupyterLab's code, does not need detailed code/technical recommendations, can piece it together himself for his context

### Who would want a very technical recommendations? 
- Could be very technical or narrative-based
- Can alternate in report- beginning sections with User Journeys can be more narrative, audit outcomes can be more technical, plain language, in bullet points

### Where will report be hosted?
- Hosted on Quansight Internship Github Repository

### What is the end format of this work? Deliverables?
- Deliverables: 1. The report 2. Blog post about internship and report writing experience
- [Example of a internship blog post] (https://labs.quansight.org/blog/2022/01/
conda-grayskull-packaging/)
- Isabela: I didn't find any blog posts on the Quansight Labs blog that specifically announce reports, but this one discusses problems and proposals that led to separate work if that's helpful.
    - [A vision for extensibility to GPU & distributed support for SciPy, scikit-learn, scikit-image and beyond](https://labs.quansight.org/blog/2021/11/pydata-extensibility-vision/)

### What is the difference betweent the final report and the blog post?
- Blog post can be more personal, about Swast's journey. Difficulties and how you overcome them. 

### Where will the report be shared?
- Can be shared to multiple communities: Quansight Accessibilty Slack channel, Open Source Design forum, A11Y Slack channel
- Isabela will put in this in her virutal briefcase, bring it around everywhere and point at it for future projects and grant proposals.

### What is the format? How will the report's information be displayed?
- Format: can be open.
    - Could be a standard written document
    - Interactive table with tags, search by tags. Such as Notion table with different views
    - An annotated user journey with accessibility recommendations mapped to tasks

### Swast wants to talk to people on how the report outline can be improved
- Swast ask Isabela for Quansight employees opinions, feedback on what they would want from the report.
- From Tony, Gabriel, Isabela, Mars. 
- By next meeting- have input from others and start writing outline
- Will ask for feedback by middle of next week
- Wanting feedback on specifically on report organiziation: 
    - By RTC component: by comment function, by toolbar? Easier for future developers to identify components of code
    - By tool: Straightforward reporting, since we audited by tools
    - By User Journey: More emotionally interesting
    - Perhaps the report can have all of these. Start with User Journey, then have section by tool, by RTC components. That way, different readers can skim report for most relevant sections for them.
      - Wouldn't have to write completely new information for each section. Can repeat or point to other parts of report, like a dictionary or API Reference.

### Isabela's Resources based on previous meetings and questions
- [From here](https://github.com/isabela-pf/internship/issues/10)
- Collect and describe some resources on making sure document types are accessible (to go to the resources directory).
    - Work in progress [resources for making accessible documents](https://github.com/isabela-pf/internship/blob/main/discussion-resources/accessible-documents.md)
- Research where keyboard shortcuts fit with accessibility. Yes people use them, but can they alone be considered accessible navigation (Isabela suspects not, but worth exploring further)?
    - [Keyboard shortcuts resources](https://github.com/isabela-pf/internship/blob/main/discussion-resources/keyboard-shortcuts.md)

## What are you planning on working on next?
- Continue making outline of report
- Ask for feedback on outline from
  - Isabela, Mars, Gabriel, Tony
- Continue creating User Journey diagrams

## Proposed topics/to-dos we did not cover this week:
 - Sort through [WCAG](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) standards and label them as RTC problems and Independent of RTC so we can scope some accessibility areas we are not worried about
