# Weekly Updates for (date)
Meeting topics:

Notes taken in [#X on the internship repo](insert link here).

## Updates from this week:
- Continue making outline of report
   - [Figma files of the 5 outlines](https://www.figma.com/file/FvWBXRoJzuBZmYfheD2cZS?embed_host=share&kind=&node-id=0%3A1&viewer=1)
   - Expanded from 3 to 5
- Ask for feedback on outline from
   - Isabela, Mars, Tony Fast, Gabriel Fouasnon
   - Isabela called for collaborations in the Accessibility Slack channel. We received collaborators but there was some uncertainty of who and meet and when.
- Continue creating User Journey diagrams

## Discussion/resource topics:
### New outlines
1. By disability
2. By tool
3. By RTC tools
4. By Use Case (What, Why, How Where)
5. Inter-disability

### Include a Recommendation section
- Can also include ideas that we haven't been able to test (maybe labelled in a different header)
- We can have a section with questions we still have?
- Can be based on reflection on other research
- Not claim it's thoroughly tested
- Can just be suggestions, not perfect

### Can include a Methods section
- So that beginning of report can provide a short summary of method, end of report can provide details such as VoiceOver version, Mac version, Verbosity setting, etc. Allow for replication

### How outline could change if doing more audits, beyond Swast's audits with Google Docs
- Other possible outlines
   - Can go more in depth with one RTC tool, Google Docs,
   - Can include multiple RTC tools, some in more depth (Google Docs), some in less depth (Notion, Slack)
   - Can include quick overview of Jupyter RTC, an open-source tool. A small case study.
- Could explore one similar component across different RTC tools
  - Such as Commenting across Google Docs, Slack, Notion
  - How do different tools show notifications for new comments? Will it be a busy user experience?
  - What is the user experience if Slack gives a lot of notifications when someone edits a comment?

### Disucssion of how other RTC tools may handle commenting
- Bringing up topic again from [Feb 24 Meeting notes](https://github.com/isabela-pf/internship/blob/main/weekly-updates/2022-02-24.md)
- Talking about Google Doc: Comment, audit with screen-reader.
- Unneccssary information, too much. Very repetitive, just want to get to comment content, not want to read out the user image again.
- Getting constant, small updates.
- Controlling how much information to get.
- Similar to screen-reader Verbosity setting, maybe have a comment Verbosity comment.
- Are there settings such as 'Notify me when someone comments, don't notify me when someone edits a comment'?
- Moving from functional, compliant -> Better user experience.

### Scheduling with collaborators!
- Swast wants to do more audit beyond Mac VoiceOver. Can meet with Gabriel for Windows NVDA audit.
- Meet collabortors in the next 3 weeks: 
   - March 13-19
   - March 20-26
   - March 27-April 2
   - April- Writing time, as internship end date is April 22
- Collaborators across different timezones
   - May use whenisgood
- Next steps
  - Isabela will set a group chat with Isabela, Swast, Mars and Person.
  - Sent Google Calendar invite will have 4 of us.
  - Isabela and Mars will work out which co-mentor will be present at each meeting.
- Good to meet with people, even if meeting material not directly related to report, but also not overload with information near end of internship
- Don't want to add more work unnecessarily, but also would be cool to meet other people and make connections

### Writing process
- Worried if write seperately of different audits, final report may not have flow.
- OK to try, stitch together afterwards to have more flow.
- Or could only start writing in April after meetings and audits, but then can be stressful to write later in internship.

## What are you planning on working on next?
- Swast start writing report, Google Doc audit specifically
- Swast to look into papers for inspiration for report structure
- Isabela help schedule with collaborators
- Meet with people, do audits, write about the audits

## Proposed topics/to-dos we did not cover this week:
