
# Weekly Updates for February 24 2022
Meeting topics: User Journeys, User Testing, Moving from compliance to pleasant user experience and How to Start Writing

Notes taken in [#8 on the internship repo](https://github.com/isabela-pf/internship/issues/8).

## Updates from this week:
- [Links to Swast's notes](https://five-space-ce8.notion.site/Assistive-tech-audit-Google-docs-Voice-over-643e4183aafb47a89d176c6fba3018bc):
1. Audit Google Docs 8 user journeys for people using screen-readers
    - 8 User Journeys to audit
      - Opening a document from a file browser
        - Saving a document
        - Finding which user made an edit to a document in the past in the document history
        - Seeing comments
        - Responding to a comment
        - Editing a comment
        - Receiving notification of a user joining a document
        - Receiving notification of a user commenting
    - Updates:
      - Completed
2. Catalog what information cannot be accessed in each user journey
    - After completing the screen-reader audit: catalog all visual-only information in Google Docs
        - For example, in Google Docs the users currently in a document are listed in the upper right via profile picture and no other way. A lot of accessibility is making sure info isn't lost, so it'll be good to know what we're accounting for.
    - After completing the keyboard audit: catalog all mouse-only information in Google Docs.
        - For example, for the Keyboard Audit, in the 'Notes' column, there is 'Can see who is on the doc (tool bar), but cannot see where they are on the doc'. Is seeing other users a re-occurring problem for keyboard accessibility?
    - We can find this information by reading the 'Notes' column in the Notion table and see what problems re-occur
    - Updates:
      - Completed
3. Start making a User Journey diagram, similar to the one Swast made with her Goodreads redesign project
    - Does not need to be complete by next week.
    - Will be a useful document in the final write-up
    - Updates
      - Written some user journeys
      - Will be made in Figma
- Celebrate the what went well! 
  - Yay, finished with auditing! Or at least initial round. Possibly more audits in future. But there's enough information collected now to start a first draft.

## Discussion/resource topics:
Keyboard Audit:
- Commonly used keys used to navigate document, on a Mac: VO, Ctrl, Option
- No update when someone has commented
- Cannot select a user to 'follow them' and jump to where they are on the document
  - Cannot tell location of user, such as if they're in the second paragraph
  - We can look at other RTC tools as examples
    - Figma has Observation Mode
    - VSCode has strong focus on accessibility and thus their own RTC tool, [LiveShare](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/services/live-share/)
      - "Live Share provides you with the ability to co-edit, co-debug, chat with your peers, share terminals, servers, look at comments and so much more."
      - "Use real-time collaboration for pairing, code reviews, technical interviews, bootcamps and more"
    - The RTC tool should communicate this vital information, instead forcing user to user to share this information by themselves
- How is anyone remember all these keys?
  - Is this just dependent on the user being very familiar with the keys through practice? Not an intuitive start to using an RTC tool
- How can visually challenged people check if they use right key? Cannot see which key is selected

Catalog what information cannot be accessed in each user journey:
- Screen-readers read the Google Doc comment in this order: Profile picture, user's name, time and then content of comment
- This information is may be repetitive, especially when only wanting to access the comment content, such as going through multiple comments all by one user
- Would it be possible to customize what is read? Could be through the front-end code, such as identifying when the comment is accessed with screen-reader
- Possible to create a document and create your own comments, but difficult to have a back-and-forth experience with other users
  - "User comments but no notification is shown. Need to navigate, find the comment option and open it to see new comments"
  - "Should Update a new comment (?)  Does not say it out loud because if there are too many comments the person won’t be able to listen to all of them so instead only say out loud when opened comments"
- How can we move from compliance to pleasant user experience?
  - Strange how a big company like Google doesn't have pleasant user experience. Perhaps more focused on compliance?

User journey diagram
- There are a lot of possible user journeys- we can focus on making the 'most mileage', such as highlights different regions of UI
- Or we can focus on common user journeys

Update on user testing:
- Isabela said that perhaps we can do remote observation of users if we don't have time or funds to do full testing

- How disabled people use tools
    - [How A Blind Developer Uses Visual Studio](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94swlF55tVc)
    - Since we cannot do user testing yet, we can learn from existing resources such as these

[Isabela's resources for types of assistive technology](https://github.com/isabela-pf/internship/blob/main/discussion-resources/assistive-tech.md):
- Beyond blindness
- Examples of assistive tech sorted by disability type.
  
Possibility of doing other audits:
- Other RTC tools, such as hackmd
- Mac's VoiceOver is not most commonly used screen-reader, but we are using because that's what we have accesss to
- Should we do the same audits with other popular screen-readers in other OS? Such as NVDA on Windows, Orca for Linux
- Should be faster since we have more experience

Writing resources:
- [White Paper: Purpose and Audience - Purdue Writing Lab](https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/subject_specific_writing/professional_technical_writing/white_papers/index.html)
I found this whole section on white papers very helpful in get concrete ideas on what needs to be covered.
- [Types of Outlines and Samples - Purdue Writing Lab](https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/general_writing/the_writing_process/developing_an_outline/types_of_outlines.html)
I'm just linking this page for the outlining example. I'm not really interested in it being alphanumeric, but I thought it would be helpful as an example of the level of detail we can start working with.
- [Example White Paper Outline with headers](https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/subject_specific_writing/professional_technical_writing/white_papers/organization_and_other_tips.html)

Making the document itself accessible:
- Depends on final format
- Can start writing in Notion, and export to Markdown. If proper heading order followed and formatted, already more accessible
- If export to other formats such as PDF, may need a little additional adjustment

Fun conversation:
- Is vegetable biryani actually biryani? Process, ingredients, effort, dryness...
- Quesadilla: In Mexico City, quesadilla without any queso is still called a quesadilla...

## What are you planning to work on next?
- Start writing the outline or first draft of the report
  - Can be shared on Notion, where Swast's previous notes are
   
## Proposed topics/to-dos we did not cover this week:
 - Sort through [WCAG](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) standards and label them as RTC problems and Independent of RTC so we can scope some accessibility areas we are not worried about
